💬 Let's use GitHub Discussions (#1395)
pyvista/pyvista: docs/getting-started/index.rst

=======

For general questions about the project, its applications, or about software

> usage, please create an discussion in the `pyvista/discussions`_ repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usage, please create a discussion in `pyvista/discussions`_
```
